--Ampeg Manual Test Project--
https://ampeg.com/

1. You decide what should be priority (to test) in the webapp.
2. 6 manual test cases total.
3. Ensure to include what 'should' be included in a manual test (title, summary, etc).
4. Ensure that 5 tests consist of navigating to more than one page.
5. Ensure that 2 tests consist of navigating to 3 or more pages.

1:

Title: Find Contact Info

Summary: The user will navigate the website and discover the company's contact info.

Pre-conditions: Start at the home page.

Traceability: User is able to get contact info if needed.

Steps: Be at the home page and click on "Support" at the top right. Navigate to the bottom and click on "Contact Us".

Expected result: User should be on a page listed with the company's contact info.

2:

Title: Create account

Summary: The user will make an account if they dont have one.

Pre-conditions: The user doesn't have an account or wants to make another one and isn't logged in.

Traceability: User is able to make an account.

Steps: Start on the home page. Click on the icon at the top right that looks like a person. User should be able to enter
	info into a series of fields. Once done, user clicks on "create account". The next page should take the user to 
	their profile page.

Expected result: The user is able to make an account and will automatically be signed on, as well as be on their profile 
	page.

3:

Title: Browse artist

Summary: User can browse artists and view them as they like.

Pre-conditions: Be at the home page.

Traceability: User can browse artists.

Steps: Start at the home page. Click on "artists" at the top right. User can click on a featured artist, or an artist
	listed in "artists roster". Either should take the user to a page on the artist. User can then view the artist's 
	gear, and click on the link to view said gear.

Expected result: User is able to browse various artists as well as their gear.

4:

Title: Job alert sign up

Summary: User is able to sign up for job alerts to get notified of new positions.

Pre-conditions: Currently not signed up for job alerts.

Traceability: User can sign up for job alerts.

Steps: Start at the home page. Click "jobs" at the bottom bar of the page under "company". Click on the email icon near
	the text that says "sign up for job alert emails". User will then enter the appropriate info in the fields and 
	upload their resume. User should be taken to a success page, telling them that they are now in the system.

Expected result: User is successfuly signed up for job alerts, and is able to receive emails of such opportunities.

5:

Title: Find product manual

Summary: User is able to find the appropriate manual based a given product.

Pre-conditions: Start at home page.

Traceability: User is able to find the appropriate manual that they need for their product.

Steps: Start at the home page. Click on "products" at the top bar. Click on the appropriate product type. Click on "learn 
	more" button for the appropriate product. Click on the "manuals" button at the bottom of the page. The user 
	can then download the appropriate manual that they needed, some of which may be available in multiple languages.

Expected result: User is able to find and download the appropriate manual for their product, which may or may not be offered
	in multiple languages.

6:

Title: Subscribe to newsletter

Summary: User is able to subscribe to the company's newsletter and receieve news on the company's products and services.

Pre-conditions: User is not currently signed up for the newsletter.

Traceability: User can sign up for the newsletter and receive news.

Steps: Start at the home page. Click on "shop" at the top bar. Click on "my account" underneath "customer service".
	Click "edit" underneath "newsletters". Select the desired newsletter(s), then click "save". User will be taken
	back to the account page with a message at the top stating that the subscription has now been saved.

Expected result: User is now signed up for the newsletter, and can receive news.